Welcome to step to the course in terms the what why and how of Sept. are kicked off the what.
What are we going to learn.
We will learn how to make an impact for cover page with an amazing logo and your company tag as well
as well as a legal disclosure.
If you want to use the disclosure Luganda Why.
Why am I making an entire section or entire staff dedicated to making a cover page because you never
get a second chance to make a great first impression with the reader of your business plan.
Lastly how how are we going to learn about these concepts together.
Well as with all 13 parts of this course we will click on the blue inputs and analysis button and we'll
answer questions together.
We will also discuss how to get a great logo made for a very very low price.
Then after we finish with the inputs and the analysis then we will go to the outputs page and pick one
of the 50 templates that I provide you with.
Thanks.